or nice day to be all day
watching pornos videos and kicking me
every 5 minutes or if that is how
they are fucking because they do not warn me that
it's time to record but good
let's start today I'm going to bring you a video
showing our great server
where they can have fun and kill let's go
Look how lucky mine just started
the video and I'm going to start killing
zombies assholes die giles of shit
that are useless ha ha ha ha ha
but what a nice combo of two deaths
I just did ha ha ha is their faces
ball of human giles that only run
good you have to look for a car to
show you the cities and those bullshit
well I already found an autonomous one
we removed that it would start killing and
teach them to Ciudad mier facing ccm
auto not when you click on the wheel
asshole but what song so more
chingón to the radio fuck I was pricked
wheel is black shit I'll have to
download the song I liked to sour son
of whore if I see you I blow you warned
you are asshole
fuck and incidentally it runs over me and
I'll look for a car and I'll shoot again
boys I'm sorry I came back we're
here with my fucking car is worth it and with the
radio to everything
I will go through places of telling them
the stories of them will be like
excursion enjoy the radio too
hahaha q2 good first I will show you the
center of the city ​​of the saints is
full of bullshit and with sand and
he also has doubts that they crashed
in some capsules where the
zombies that fell from the planes
experienced as you will see those eggs of
Man symbols are already destroyed
it's easily half a package but it looks
well it gives a special touch to the globe
1100 let's move forward now I 'll go to
show them a cured park with turrets
and scientific tables there are experiences going
with things where maybe the virus came up
zombie and those good things we have arrived
after a big cut I felt lazy
put all that part but good this is
the park and the turrets with their tables
scientific and those things that do
lose see much more realistic we have
a great variety of maps as well with their
epic things I hope you like the
excursion as much as me
good I leave you with this last map that
it's very cute I really admire it is not
a map in a certain way is a robot
Giant owns the server has
praised as chief teacher he did
basing the hits go yesterday the the
movie titans of the pacific 'in
I really liked it, I hope I have them
I liked the video soon I will upload more and
I leave you with a bonus click a greeting
friends pedrajas a juárez
and you mans
genius silence